or the girls
I am going to prepare a cheesecake
among the innumerable varieties that
there is in the market in the market that
we do among all
I would have presented in my version what
first thing I'm going to do is
this gelatin
put it in water soak for about
minutes and to shorten the process I'll
to put a minute to the micro
efe
I have started putting in a container
philadelphia cheese gives rise to today
that I was wrong for a little while
for what it is
this if philadelphia like and now I'm going to
put a yogurt
from line view
a mixed everything well and I will add
the liquid cream
I'm going to change the rods
to be able to do with all this a cream
homogeneous
I have not put any kind of
Sweetener because you already have enough
with the saccharin that should carry
the vital and nothing but also because we
it would kill the taste of cheese
this is already here and I'm going to add the
jelly
because this could already be shaped and
stay here perfectly but I'll go
to give a color note for children
that is more pleasant and we are going to
call it cheesecake
Smurf could not be the way
with one aspect per day
the mollado to the refrigerator two hours and
ready